[Music]
How to check your claim
status on the application. If you have
purchased health insurance
from ICC Lombard, then you
can definitely track your claim settlement here.
I am going to explain the complete PayI Bill TakeCare application to
you. So please stay tuned. So please
continue with the video and find out the
name of the money app. And you are seeing
TakeInventories. Simply, I will give you a
screenshot on the side. Please pay
attention there. Simply, you have to
open the replication of the claim. Make sure your
application is the updated version. Along with this,
you have to complete the location process.
And here you have to
add your insurance member in the Add Family section. Even then
you will be able to check out. Even then
you will be able to see your status.
After opening it, you will get all the
members available in the Health Policy section. All the
card policies will be visible here.
As you can see here, at
present, there is only one  Member is available
in this area. If you want to add policy in this account, then
definitely you
will tap on add policy. After tapping, you
can also add member in this account.
So here you have to simply check out the
claim settlement. To check out the claim settlement,
you will see claims simple in the office below.
You
have to tap on this. After tapping,
you get two options in the claim area. The
first one is File. Similarly,
Track Your Claim. So, let me tell you that
you can also apply through the page from here.
Here you get the
option of type of flame
free and post hospital along with this
hospital investment and OPD here. So
guys, you can get easy settlement done here
and you can get the claim by submitting these documents and getting them
verified. You
can take the money. By the way, you
need a dedicated video on how to get your Pari and For
Struggle done, how to make these
investments
inside the claim file.  Definitely you will get to
see the link description
of that video, you can check out that video,
when you complete the process then you
can also track the claim, to track the claim
you simply have to tap on track
your claim here, after tapping
you will have to select out the same name,
you will be able to check it on the ID of that particular member,
on that particular health insurance, you will be
able to check out your status, so here
you will be able to see approved and you will see that, so
I had done the
post settlement here and I had
demanded Rs. 6480 here, which I have
received in total in my bank account,
my amount as you
can see here has been received in total as much as
I had demanded, so
according to this I got approval and it has been
transferred to my bank account, my
money just here you will be able to see the
first of which you get to see here, did you get
your status verified,
when did you submit it, along with this
here you  The complete details are visible along with the reference number.
If you
want the details, then you simply have to click on view details.
Here you can see the send number
or the date of admission, date of
discharge, net area amount, claim
area amount in full.
In this case, which
documents were submitted by you and got them
approved, then you can
see that too here. So, in this
way, you have to track the claim whether
you have got the approval or not.
Many times, it happens that it is declared here by chance.
I have made a dedicated video on that too. If you want to get the
papers declared by you, then please
check them out and you will get them. Till then, please
subscribe to the channel.
Take care,
thanks for watching.